# VocabVerse NewsVerse: EduTech Learning Platform

VocabVerse is an online English vocabulary platform offering a wide range of grammar topics to enhance users' language proficiency. Our platform includes engaging video lectures, audio-based learning resources, and interactive quizzes, providing an accessible and effective way for users to improve their English skills. Also we did NewsVerse platform affiliated to VocabVerse

a. VocabVerse: Learn and Quiz, Web Application: here user can learn through the audios & visuals with videos, images, pdfs and summarise contents available, readers/users can attempt the quizzes which are available in level wise (i.e. easy, moderate and difficult levels) which will show the credit scores too, through videos and images are provided from us they can learn easily. FAQs and Feedback options are also available and text to speech is also there for the learning of pronunciation, this web application can be accessed freely at the learning platform of VocabVerse created by us when the user registers/logins here.

b. NewsVerse affiliated to VocabVerse: Here user can access and read out the trending and latest news regarding the educational, literature, book and student related news, etc for the grabbing the Educational News at National Level (India) and World wide also.
VocabVerse is an online English vocabulary platform offering a wide range of grammar topics to enhance users' language proficiency. Our platform includes engaging video lectures, audio-based learning resources, and interactive quizzes, providing an accessible and effective way for users to improve their English skills. Also we did NewsVerse platform affiliated to VocabVerse a. VocabVerse: Learn and Quiz, Web Application: here user can learn through the audios & visuals with videos, images, pdfs and summarise contents available, readers/users can attempt the quizzes which are available in level wise (i.e. easy, moderate and difficult levels) which will show the credit scores too, through videos and images are provided from us they can learn easily. FAQs and Feedback options are also available and text to speech is also there for the learning of pronunciation, this web application can be accessed freely at the learning platform of VocabVerse created by us when the user registers/logins here. b. NewsVerse affiliated to VocabVerse: Here user can access and read out the trending and latest news regarding the educational, literature, book and student related news, etc for the grabbing the Educational News at National Level (India) and World wide also.
